= Rack::Mockups

Your application mockups responding to real application paths until your application
handles the request on it's own.

== Why?

Every Rails and Rack application I write usually has a "APP_ROOT/public/mockups" directory
where I start fleshing out the HTML/CSS/Layout for my application. Two problems here: 1)
I never remember my mockups are in public/mockups, and 2) they don't reflect the real flow
of the application. 

Wouldn't be easier if I could go to /admin to see the mockups for the Admin
section instead of going to /mockups/admin every time? Wouldn't it then be even easier if
whenever I create a non-failing action that responds to /admin, that it would just automatically
show the working version instead of the mockup? Well, if you said yes to both of those,
today is your lucky day!

Rack::Mockups was inspired by Adam McCrea's showoff[http://github.com/adamlogic/showoff] Rails plugin.

== Usage

In your config.ru (works with straight Rack or Rails)

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'rack/mockups'
  
  # By default reads from RACK_ROOT/views/mockups
  use Rack::Mockups
  run the_app

In your Rails application (config/environment.rb, with versions > 2.3)

  config.gem 'ryanbriones-rack-mockups', :lib => 'rack/mockups', :source => 'http://gems.github.com'
  # By default reads from RAILS_ROOT/app/views/mockups
  config.middleware.use Rack::Mockups

The standard mockups path is RACK_ROOT/views/mockups in non-Rails apps and RAILS_ROOT/app/views/mockups in Rails apps.
If you want to use a non-standard mockups path use set_view_path:

  use Rack::Mockups {|m| m.set_view_path '/path/to/my/mockups'}

For more help with using Rack middleware with Rails, see the {Rails on Rack}[http://guides.rubyonrails.org/rails_on_rack.html] Rails Guide

== TODO

* support markup other than HTML (i.e. HAML, ERb, etc)

== LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2009 Ryan Carmelo Briones

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
